Licenses and Copying Information
================================

This project contains source code generated by the [Mozilla Add-On SDK](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/SDK) and is available under $PLACEHOLDER (NB: insert whatever license the MDN is using this week, as usual there's nothing clear in their docs and asking directly is always a waste of time).

This project contains images created by [James Clarke](https://github.com/clarkerubber) and are available under the MIT license from the [Staunton Pieces](https://github.com/clarkerubber/Staunton-Pieces) repository.

Some freely available, public domain material was used in development or incorporated into the project.

What little remains is licensed under the [WTFNMFPL version 1](https://github.com/adversary-org/wtfnmf).


Staunton Pieces MIT License
---------------------------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 clarkerubber

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



Organised Adversary WTFNMF License
----------------------------------

Copyright (C) Ben McGinnes, 2014


    DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO BUT IT'S NOT MY FAULT PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 1, October 2013

 Copyright (C) 2013 Ben McGinnes <ben@adversary.org>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

   DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO BUT IT'S NOT MY FAULT PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

  1. Do not hold the author(s), creator(s), developer(s) or
     distributor(s) liable for anything that happens or goes wrong
     with your use of the work.

